so we're going to put the cod fish is
already boiled and drain so that's
straight into the bowl okay onions so
that's one large onion finely chopped
added to that cooked flaked salt fish so
codfish in fact okay we're going to add
our time or marjoram and we add some
Charlotte shallots in this as well it's
all mix together so you are talking
about heat tablespoon yeah okay so let's
pop that on top now we're going to add
our scotch bonnet to this as well half
of that brown bear yeah half yeah you
know yeah you know well we combine it
together
okay these are just like nice seasoning
chef yeah Yeah right next stage all of
this in all of it yeah all of that in so
there's your flour going in to the mix
we're gonna add about 2 teaspoons 2
teaspoons of baking powder we're looking
about 2 of those like that do ya right
ok all right we're gonna stir this
steroids in let's start to make sure we
mix that baking powder in with the flour
and they want to add our milk our water
let's see yeah okay so what we're going
to do is just make this into a cream
yeah you know it's like a batter it's
like a batter stroke dough is that kind
of consistency isn't it I'm bearing in
mind at home if you can't get ahold of
the sole fish why don't you try using a
just a smoked fish that you could flake
down and add to this which would also be
very very nice so we've got the batter
there that's made the next thing we want
to do is work with our lovely red red
fruits now these have just been boiled
in salted water until they become tender
you can see that sort of pressure that
I'm applying there is you can show you
that it's gonna be very very soft and
easy to use so all we're going to do is
just cut that away like that yeah and we
can also cut
all around there like that there we are
perfect you want me to match these
downshift yes so we need to start a so
while I'm starting to mash those at the
same time what we're going to do just in
a little touch of butter we're going to
saute off some celery and some sweet
peppers to add to this and let's not
forget the seasoning we're going to add
as well so simple ingredients can be
packed to a flavor
so chef while I'm mashing do you want to
start cooking those yes thank you
fantastic right there we are now you
don't want this super cream you do you
just want to make sure that it's got a
sort of a nice sort of broken texture of
it is that right correct I noticed as
well you've been quite generous there
with the the butter because it's add
cream creamy necessary and moistures
well you don't want it you're not too
dry and now literally look at that just
imagine eating this the butter you can
see how that's working its way through
our mix happy with us chef yes I'm happy
with it we are literally going to pack
you quite rustic style aren't we yeah
we're not playing around with trying to
recreate that original shape what we
want instead is just tacking it on like
that isn't it yeah and Gary if you have
sweet potatoes you can probably do sweet
potato boats as well ah like the idea of
that so you just do it exactly the same
way exactly the same there yes that's a
nice idea isn't it sweet potato boats
just need up cheese now and I'm going to
be very liberal here a lot you know
plenty of it
and I could probably do with the
sous-chef in here now to take these up
and put them into a nice hub
you